-[THEME MUSIC PLAYS]
-♪ SOME PEOPLE STAND
IN THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ AFRAID TO STEP
INTO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ SOME PEOPLE NEED
TO HAVE SOMEBODY ♪
♪ WHEN THE EDGE
OF SURRENDER'S IN SIGHT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY
♪ IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU OUT
OF MY SIGHT ♪
-♪ I'LL BE READY
-♪ WHENEVER YOU FEAR
-♪ OH, DON'T YOU FEAR
-♪ I'LL BE READY
-♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ WHOA
-♪ I'LL BE READY ♪
-♪ I'LL BE READY
-♪ WHENEVER YOU FEAR
-♪ OH, DON'T YOU FEAR
-♪ I'LL BE READY
-♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
-CAREFUL.
-IT'S PRETTY STEEP.
-I KNOW, BUT IT'LL BE SAFE.
TRUST ME.
-I TRUSTED YOU
ABOUT MY BLIND DATE...
AND LOOK WHAT HAPPENED.
-MAN: YOU GIRLS OKAY?
WATCH YOUR STEP HERE, GIRLS.
IT'S A LITTLE SLICK.
COME ON, GIRLS, PUT THE STUFF
IN THE BOAT AND LET'S GO.
-OKAY, WE'RE DOING IT.
-HOP IN.
-HI, MITCH.
-OH. HEY.
-HOW'S IT GOING?
-WELL, IT, UH...
TURNED OUT TO BE A BUSY DAY.
-YEAH, I CAN SEE THERE'S A LOT
TO KEEP YOUR EYE ON TODAY.
-WELL, THAT IS IN OUR
JOB DESCRIPTION, ISN'T IT?
-WELL, WHEN YOUR JOB IS OVER,
IF YOU CAN TEAR YOURSELF AWAY,
WOULD YOU MIND MEETING ME UP
AT HEADQUARTERS?
THAT IS, UH,
IF YOU DON'T HAVE OTHER PLANS.
-NO. NO, NO OTHER PLANS...
YET.
-GREAT!
BECAUSE I HAVE A STACK
OF INCIDENT REPORTS
THAT NEED FILLING OUT,
AND I'D LIKE YOU TO JOIN ME.
-[ENGINE STARTS]
-OH, YEAH.
-WOMAN: BYE-BYE.
-WHOA!
-ISN'T THIS BEAUTIFUL?
LOOK AT THESE WAVES.
-WOMAN: IT'S HARD NOT TO.
BOY, THIS WIND'S
REALLY KICKED UP.
-GARY, ARE YOU SURE
WE'RE OKAY UP HERE?
-OH, WE'RE FINE. RELAX.
WE'RE OKAY.
LET'S HAVE SOME WINE
AND HANG OUT.
-CHILL OUT. RELAX.
-OKAY.
-WHOO!
-AHH... [SIGHS]
-WHY DO YOU ALWAYS FINISH YOUR
RESCUE REPORTS BEFORE I DO?
-I USE SMALLER WORDS.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
THERE'S A VERY SMALL WORD
FOR WHAT I'D LIKE
TO DO RIGHT NOW.
-ANIMAL, VEGETABLE, OR MINERAL?
-HMM... A LITTLE OF ALL THREE.
EAT. I'M STARVED.
AREN'T YOU STARVED?
LET'S TAKE A BREAK.
-LEAVE IT TO A MAN TO ALWAYS
BE THINKING ABOUT HIS STOMACH.
-NOT ALWAYS.
-OH, MY GOD.
-WE'D BETTER GET GOING, GARY.
LOOK AT THOSE WAVES.
-NO BIGGIE.
WE'VE GOT OUR RAFT
TO TAKE US BACK TO LAND.
-WOMAN: WE'D BETTER GET GOING.
-LET'S PACK UP AND GO.
WHY DON'T YOU
PUT ALL OUR STUFF AWAY?
-WOMAN: THE BOAT!
-WOMAN 2: GARY, GO GET IT.
GARY, GET IT BACK!
-WOMAN: GARY!
-WATCH OUT!
-HURRY! HURRY! COME BACK!
-[WOMEN SHOUTING]
-COME ON, GARY!
COME BACK HERE!
-[GASPING]
-WOMAN: COME ON!
-THERE'S A WAVE! HURRY!
-GARY, COME ON!
-COME ON, GARY!
-[GRUNTING]
-WOMAN: COME ON, GARY! YOU'D
BETTER GET OUT OF THE WATER.
THE WAVES ARE WAY TOO BIG!
-GET UP HERE, COME ON!
-I GOT YOUR HAND!
-GARY, COME ON!
OH!
-WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?
WE CAN'T GET BACK TO SHORE!
MY GOD!
GARY.
-OH.
-HELP US! WE'RE OVER HERE!
-SOMEBODY, PLEASE!
-HOLD ON! I'LL RADIO FOR HELP!
THIS IS UNIT 308.
I HAVE AN EMERGENCY SITUATION
ON POINT DUME BLUFF.
-[PHONE RINGS]
-BAYWATCH.
THIS IS BUCHANNON.
WHERE?
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
STEPH, LET'S ROLL.
BEN, GET NEWMIE
AND BARNETT ON THE HORN,
TELL 'EM TO MEET US IN
THE GARAGE IN FIVE MINUTES.
-WILL DO.
-[TIRES SCREECHING]
-[SIREN WAILING]
-I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
THEY'VE BEEN DOWN THERE,
BUT THE TIDE IS RISING FAST.
-RADIO THE PARAMEDICS.
TELL THEM WE NEED BACKUP.
-RIGHT.
-KEEP YOUR EYE ON 'EM.
-HELP!
-SOMEBODY, HELP US!
HURRY, PLEASE!
-HELP!
-[CONTINUED SHOUTING]
-HELP! HELP!
-HELP US!
-ALL RIGHT, HOOK UP THE RESCUE
BASKET. WE MIGHT NEED IT.
-RIGHT.
-LET'S GO.
-HELP!
-SOMEBODY!
-OKAY, YOU READY?
-YEAH.
-[SHOUTING]
[SHOUTING]
-HELP!
-[SCREAMS]
-HELP ME!
I'M SLIPPING. HELP!
GARY, HELP ME!
-HELP!
-OH!
-[SCREAMS]
-HELP! SOMEBODY HELP!
-HELP!
-EVERYTHING WILL BE OKAY.
-WE'RE HERE.
OKAY, LET GO, I GOT YOU.
-ALL RIGHT, I GOT YOU.
OKAY, HOLD ON.
-[SCREAMS]
-OKAY.
OKAY, JUST COME WITH ME.
-NO.
-OKAY, OKAY.
TRUST ME.
THERE'S NO WAVES NOW.
-NO, I CAN'T.
-COME OFF THE ROCK
AND COME WITH ME.
-NO, I CAN'T.
-[GRUNTS]
GRAB MY CAN.
I'LL SWIM YOU IN.
YOU'LL BE ALL RIGHT, OKAY?
-NO!
NO, I CAN'T MAKE IT!
-HANG ON. HANG ON!
-[SCREAMS]
-AH! COME ON!
COME ON!
OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
-HELP!
HELP! NO!
-HANG ON.
-HELP ME! HELP!
[COUGHING]
-ALL RIGHT.
COME ON. TAKE HER.
-[WOMAN COUGHING]
-MITCH, LOOK OUT, A WAVE!
MITCH, LOOK OUT!
-MITCH!
NEWMAN, MITCH IS IN TROUBLE!
MITCH!
-[GASPING]
-MITCH!
I GOT YOU. I GOT YOU.
YOU'LL BE OKAY.
-I CAN'T...
I CAN'T MOVE MY LEGS.
-HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
-OKAY. OKAY.
-HOLD ON!
I'VE GOT YOU!
-COME ON!
-BE CAREFUL CLIMBING TO THE TOP.
-[SIREN WAILING]
-DON'T LIFT HIS LEGS!
HE CAN'T MOVE HIS LEGS!
-HOLD HIM.
I'LL GET THE BACKBOARD.
-ALL RIGHT,
JUST KEEP ON HIS HEAD.
-OKAY. OKAY.
-OKAY, REAL GOOD.
WE'RE GONNA GET YOU
ON A BACKBOARD, MITCH.
-[GROANING]
-EASY. EASY.
-THERE'S A WINCH THERE.
-[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
-HURRY UP, TOPSIDE!
ON THREE!
ONE, TWO, THREE!
-EASY, EASY.
-OKAY, MITCH.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
IT'S HIS BACK.
HE CAN'T MOVE HIS LEGS.
-THE GIRL MAKE IT?
-SHH. DON'T SAY ANYTHING.
-DID SHE MAKE IT?
-YES. DON'T TALK.
SAVE YOUR ENERGY.
-I GOT TO WRITE
THE INCIDENT REPORT.
-DON'T WORRY.
I'LL WRITE UP THE REPORT.
I'LL EVEN USE SMALLER WORDS.
-MAN: COME ON,
LET'S GET HIM IN THE AMBULANCE.
-[MITCH GROANS]
-MAN: READY? GO.
SLOW. SLOW.
EASY. EASY. GO AHEAD.
-I'M GOING TO RIDE WITH HIM.
-OKAY.
-[SIREN WAILING]
-YOU WARM ENOUGH?
-I'M TAKING CARE
OF EVERYTHING AT YOUR HOUSE.
HOBIE'S DOING
ALL HIS HOMEWORK,
AND I'M DOING THE COOKING.
-YEAH, SHE, UH...
SHE EVEN BURNED A FEW THINGS
SO WE WOULDN'T
MISS YOU TOO MUCH.
-[LAUGHS]
-[GROANS]
-DAD, ARE YOU OKAY?
MAYBE YOU NEED TO TAKE
YOUR PAIN MEDICINE.
I CAN CALL THE NURSE.
-NO. NO, IT'S OKAY.
-ARE YOU SURE?
-IT'S OKAY NOW.
[CHUCKLES] WHOO.
-DAD, I'M GONNA TAKE CARE OF YOU
TILL YOU GET BETTER. PROMISE.
-WELL, THAT'S GOING TO BE SOON,
SO YOU BETTER ENJOY TAKING
CARE OF YOUR DAD WHILE YOU CAN.
-[KNOCK ON DOOR]
-GOOD MORNING.
-HELLO.
-MORNING.
WELL, YOU...
YOU GOT MY TEST RESULTS?
-HOBIE, LET'S GIVE YOUR DAD
A LITTLE TIME ALONE
WITH THE DOCTOR.
-I WANT TO STAY WITH HIM.
-NO, IT'S OKAY.
YOU GO WITH STEPHANIE.
YOU CAN COME BACK
AFTER THE DOCTOR LEAVES.
IT'S OKAY.
-WELL, MITCH, UM...
I KNOW THIS MUST
BE THE LONGEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE,
SO, UM,
I'LL CUT RIGHT TO THE CHASE.
-WHY DO I GET THE FEELING THIS
ISN'T GOOD NEWS?
-WELL,
YOUR X-RAYS AND YOUR MRI
CONFIRM NO BREAKS
ALONG THE VERTEBRAE.
THAT'S GOOD NEWS.
BUT, UM...
YOU DO HAVE SOME SERIOUS
DAMAGE TO YOUR SPINAL CORD.
-WHA... WHAT KIND OF DAMAGE?
-WHEN YOUR BACK WAS THROWN UP
AGAINST THE ROCKS,
WHILE NOTHING WAS BROKEN,
THE COMPRESSION THAT IT CAUSED
LEFT BRUISING, WHICH, IN TURN,
CAUSED SWELLING.
THAT'S WHY YOU HAVE NO FEELING
BELOW YOUR WAIST.
-HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE
FOR THE SWELLING TO GO DOWN?
-WELL, IT MAY BE SOME TIME
BEFORE THE SWELLING GOES DOWN.
AND YOU'LL NEED REHABILITATION
AND PHYSICAL THERAPY.
AND TIME.
-BUT I, UM...
I AM GOING TO WALK?
I MEAN, I, UM...
I AM GOING TO WALK AGAIN?
-I WISH I COULD GIVE YOU
SOME GUARANTEES, MITCH,
BUT I CAN'T.
NOW, AS SOON AS YOU'RE ABLE,
I'M GOING TO TRANSFER YOU
TO A REHABILITATION CENTER.
AND I CAN'T STRESS ENOUGH
THAT PHYSICAL THERAPY IS CRUCIAL
IF YOU'RE TO WALK AGAIN.
-WOMAN ON PA: PAGING DR. LATHAM,
DR. DAVID LATHAM.
-LOOKS LIKE
THE DOCTOR'S THROUGH.
YOU CAN GO SEE YOUR DAD NOW.
-YEAH, OKAY.
-DR. BONANN.
-YES?
-PLEASE TELL ME THE TRUTH.
UH, WHAT ARE THE CHANCES,
YOU KNOW...
-FOR A FULL RECOVERY?
-MM-HMM.
-WELL, THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
IS A POSITIVE MENTAL ATTITUDE.
IF PATIENTS KNEW THE ODDS
THEY WERE FACING,
THEY COULD EASILY GIVE UP
BEFORE THEY EVEN START.
-AND WHAT ARE THOSE ODDS?
-WITH THE LUMBAR COMPRESSION,
I'D SAY THE ODDS
FOR A FULL RECOVERY
ARE ABOUT FIVE PERCENT.
-FIVE PERCENT?
-MM-HMM.
-STEPHANIE: FIVE PERCENT.
[EXHALES]
[SIGHS] I JUST...
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE THAT MITCH
MIGHT NOT EVER WALK AGAIN.
-DOCTOR: WELL,
THEN DON'T BELIEVE IT.
MITCH IS GOING TO NEED ALL
THE SUPPORT, ENCOURAGEMENT
AND POSITIVE ENERGY
THAT YOU CAN GIVE HIM.
-OKAY?
-MM-HMM.
-ALL RIGHT.
-YOU KNOW, JASON, THERE'S
A LOT OF KIDS HERE YOUR AGE.
I THINK YOU'RE
GONNA LIKE IT HERE.
COME ON.
YOU OKAY?
THE DOCTOR WILL BE WITH YOU
IN A MOMENT, OKAY?
-DR. ZACK, I SPENT OVER
A YEAR WORKING ON THIS CASE.
JASON TOOK A BULLET IN THE SPINE
TRYING TO PROTECT HIS OLDER
BROTHER, WHO'S...
MIXED UP WITH A GANG.
A DRUG DEAL WENT DOWN.
JASON'S BROTHER DIDN'T MAKE IT.
AND JASON IS MY ONLY WITNESS.
-IT'S AN AWFUL LOT FOR A BOY
THAT AGE TO GO THROUGH.
THAT AND A TRIAL?
-WELL, IT'S STILL A MONTH AWAY.
I BROUGHT HIM HERE FROM CHICAGO
'CAUSE I NEED TO KEEP HIM SAFE.
-DETECTIVE NORTH,
THIS IS A REHABILITATION
HOSPITAL.
IT'S NOT A SAFE HOUSE.
-HE NEEDS BOTH FACILITIES
RIGHT NOW, DOC.
NO ONE BUT YOU KNOWS WHO HE IS
AND WHY HE'S HERE.
-I'M GOING TO GET US
CHECKED IN, OKAY?
-I'M GOING TO GO
GET SOME SNACKS.
YOU WANT ANYTHING?
-NO.
-OKAY.
-[CAT MEOWS]
-HERE, KITTY, KITTY.
COME HERE, KITTY, KITTY.
-HERE'S A LITTLE FRIEND FOR YOU.
-THANKS.
-MAYBE SOMEDAY YOU AND I WILL
HAVE A DRAG RACE, HUH?
-YEAH, SURE.
-[PURRING]
-WELL, I KNEW IT WOULDN'T
TAKE YOU LONG TO MAKE FRIENDS.
WHO'S THIS?
COME ON, LET ME TAKE YOU
TO YOUR ROOM, OKAY?
-OKAY. BYE.
-SEE YOU, PAL.
-MY GOD, YOU'RE A HANDSOME HUNK.
WELL, LET ME TELL YOU, NOW,
I'M GOING
TO DO EVERYTHING I CAN
TO GET YOU OUT OF THAT CHAIR,
'CAUSE I WANT TO SEE THOSE BUNS
OF YOURS UP AND MOVING.
I'M SOPHIE JONES.
-HI, I'M...
-SOPHIE: HONEY, THERE ISN'T
A PERSON HERE...
WELL, UNLESS HE'S IN A COMA...
THAT DOESN'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YOU'RE A HERO.
CAN I CALL YOU MITCH?
-THAT'S MY NAME.
-GREAT.
-OH, UM, SOPHIE,
THIS IS MY SON HOBIE.
-HI, HOBIE.
-HI. NICE TO MEET YOU.
-AND MY FRIEND STEPHANIE.
-HI.
-HELLO. IT'S A PLEASURE
TO MEET YOU BOTH.
WELL, I'M SPEAKING FOR ALL
THE WOMEN ON THE PLANET NOW.
DON'T YOU GO BREAKING
OUR HEARTS, OKAY?
-I WON'T.
-HE'S EVEN MORE HANDSOME
THAN YOU.
-THANKS.
-SO, HAVE YOU
ALL BEEN TAKEN CARE OF?
-OH, YES, THANK YOU.
WE'RE ALL CHECKED IN.
WE'RE JUST WAITING
FOR HIS PHYSICAL THERAPIST.
-OH. WELL, THEN WAIT NO LONGER,
HONEY.
YOU HAVE GOT
YOUR OWN PERSONAL GYM TEACHER.
-YOU'RE MY PHYSICAL THERAPIST?
[LAUGHS]
-AREN'T YOU THE LUCKY ONE?
-[PHONE RINGS]
-DETECTIVE RIDDICK.
-MAN: YEAH, IT'S ME.
I HAVE OUR WITNESS
TUCKED AWAY SAFE AND SOUND
IN A REHAB CENTER.
-WHERE ARE YOU?
-L.A.
I'M NOT TAKING
ANY CHANCES THIS TIME.
WE NAIL THESE GANG-BANGERS,
THEY'LL HAND US THEIR SUPPLIERS
ON A SILVER PLATTER.
-THANKS. GOOD WORK.
NORTH HAS THE KID STASHED
IN SOME REHAB CENTER OUT IN L.A.
I'M ON MY WAY.
DON'T WORRY. I'LL MAKE IT
LOOK LIKE AN ACCIDENT.
-WE'LL BE USING
THE THERAPY POOL EVERY DAY.
SWIMMING OUGHT TO MAKE YOU
FEEL A LITTLE LIKE HOME.
MITCH, YOU EVER BEEN
IN THE ARMED SERVICES?
-NAVY SEALS.
-NAVY SEALS, HUH?
SOUNDS LIKE SOME
KIND OF SUMMER CAMP.
-SUMMER CAMP? YEAH.
IT WAS THE MOST GRUELING THING
I'VE EVER BEEN THROUGH.
-YOU MEAN UNTIL NOW.
WELL, ARE YOU READY
TO GET STARTED?
-I DON'T KNOW, I...
-MITCH.
IF YOU WANT TO GET
UP OUT OF THIS CHAIR,
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO ROOM
FOR SELF PITY.
-UH-HUH. GOOD.
-ALL RIGHT, LET'S GIVE IT A TRY.
-NOW YOU'RE TALKING MY LANGUAGE,
SUGAR.
HI, EVERYBODY.
THIS IS MITCH.
-ALL: HI, MITCH.
-MITCH, THIS IS EVERYBODY.
DON'T WORRY, YOU'LL MEET THEM
ALL IN THE THERAPY SESSIONS.
YOU GOT A LOT OF WORK TO DO,
BUT IT'S GOING TO PAY OFF,
MITCH.
YOU'RE GOING
TO WALK OUT OF HERE.
-MITCH: HEY!
YOU OKAY, PARTNER?
-CAN YOU GET MY CARDS FOR ME?
-YEAH, SURE.
WHAT HAPPENED,
YOU DRAG-RACING WITHOUT ME?
-YEAH, I GUESS SO.
I WAS JUST GOING TOO FAST.
-OH, BY THE WAY,
I NEVER INTRODUCED MYSELF.
I'M MITCH. WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
-JASON.
-JASON, NICE TO MEET YOU.
-NICE TO MEET YOU.
-OKAY, LET ME GET
YOUR CHAIR UP HERE.
OKAY, NOW YOU JUST GRAB
ON TO MY ARM.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
-JASON: THESE ARE
THE BEST CANDY BARS.
THE NURSE KEEPS THEM HIDDEN
BEHIND THE DESK IN THE LOBBY.
-OH. AH!
-[LAUGHS]
-CAN I HAVE A PIECE?
-YEAH, SURE.
-THANKS. WELL, NOW I KNOW
TWO THINGS ABOUT YOU:
YOU LIKE CANDY BARS
AND BASEBALL CARDS.
-HERE'S MY MOST VALUABLE ONE:
1989, KEN GRIFFEY JR.
IT'S HIS ROOKIE.
-WOW.
-THIS IS A TED WILLIAMS CARD.
IT'S AN OKAY CARD,
BUT NOT AS VALUABLE
AS AN AUTOGRAPHED TED WILLIAMS.
-OH.
-MY BROTHER WAS SAVING UP
TO BUY ME ONE JUST BEFORE...
JUST BEFORE HE DIED.
-YOUR BROTHER DIED?
SORRY, JASON.
YOU MUST MISS HIM A LOT, HUH?
-HE WAS MY BEST FRIEND.
HE TOOK CARE OF ME.
NOW I'VE LEARNED HOW
TO TAKE CARE OF MYSELF.
I'M NEVER GOING TO WALK AGAIN.
-YOUR DOCTORS SURE ABOUT THAT?
-I ONLY HAVE TWO CHANCES:
SLIM AND NONE,
AND SLIM JUST LEFT TOWN.
-[LAUGHS]
-YOU'RE SO LUCKY.
-REALLY? WHY IS THAT?
-AT LEAST YOU HAVE A CHANCE
TO WALK AGAIN.
MAN, WHAT I WOULDN'T GIVE
TO HAVE THAT CHANCE AGAIN.
MITCH, THE WAY YOU GOT HURT,
SAVING THAT GIRL,
IF YOU HAD A CHANCE
TO DO IT OVER AGAIN,
WOULD YOU DO THE SAME THING,
EVEN KNOWING WHAT HAPPENED?
-JASON, THAT'S A HECK
OF A QUESTION. I, UM...
YEAH, I WOULD.
I WOULD DO THE SAME THING.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
-I HAD TO TRY
TO SAVE MY BROTHER.
I'D DO THAT OVER AGAIN
A MILLION TIMES.
HEY, MITCH.
IF THERE'S SOMETHING
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO TELL ANYONE,
IS IT OKAY IF I TELL YOU?
-WELL, THAT DEPENDS, PAL,
ON IF YOU TRUST ME.
-I'M HIDING OUT HERE
TILL THE GUYS WHO WASTED
MY BROTHER GET ON TRIAL.
I'M GOING TO BE A STAR WITNESS.
-YOUR SECRET IS SAFE WITH ME.
DRAG RACE?
-YOU'RE ON!
-GO! AH! AH! AH!
[LAUGHS]
HEY, HEY, HEY, COME BACK HERE!
COME BACK HERE, HEY, HEY, HEY!
WHOA!
HEY! HEY! HEY, HEY!
-HEY!
I GOT YOU.
-MITCH: HEY, OKAY. [LAUGHS]
-[IMITATING ENGINE REVVING]
-WHOA, THERE, PARTNER. [LAUGHS]
-HOBIE SAID YOU HAD A SURPRISE
FOR ME.
-WELL, ACTUALLY, IT'S A SURPRISE
FOR YOU AND FOR MITCH.
-AS A MATTER OF FACT,
YOU'RE NOT WEARING A UNIFORM.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
-WHAT'S GOING ON IS THAT I AM
GOING TO THE BEACH.
-THE BEACH?! WOW, YOU'RE LUCKY!
I'VE ONLY SEEN PICTURES
OF THE BEACH.
-HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO THERE
FOR REAL?
-GET OUT OF TOWN.
-NO. GET INTO THE VAN.
BOTH OF YOU, COME ON.
WE'RE HEADING FOR THE BEACH.
-UM...
-OKAY, LET'S GO!
-I DON'T KNOW...
-ALL RIGHT, BEACH!
-THE BEACH! WHOO!
-CAREFUL.
-OOH!
-SOPHIE: GOOD. OKAY, GOOD.
YAY!
ON THE BEACH!
BRING IT...
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
-HEY, CAN I TAKE JASON
FOR A TOUR OF THE BIKE PATH?
-I DON'T KNOW.
-OH, I'LL BE REALLY CAREFUL.
WE'LL STAY RIGHT
IN THE BIKE LANE.
-PLEASE?
-OKAY.
BUT DON'T YOU TWO SPEED DEMONS
GO KNOCKING ANYBODY
OFF THE PATH.
OKAY?
-OKAY.
-WE WON'T.
-SEE YA.
-SEE YA!
-BYE.
-BYE!
-MAN, CAN'T YOU GO A LITTLE
FASTER THAN THIS?
WE'RE GOING SLOW.
WE'RE AT THE BEACH!
NOT TOO FAST.
-I THINK I'M GONNA GO DOWN
AND SAY HI TO MATT, HUH?
-OKAY, WELL,
IF YOU WANT TO BE ALONE,
I HAVE ANY NUMBER
OF PHONE CALLS I CAN MAKE.
-THANKS.
-[JASON IMITATING ENGINE
REVVING]
-HEY, MATT.
-MITCH!
HOW'S IT GOING, MAN?
WE MISSED YOU.
-I MISSED YOU, TOO.
GOD, IT'S GREAT BEING
BACK AT THE BEACH.
I FORGOT HOW BEAUTIFUL IT IS.
FORGOT HOW GREAT
IT SMELLS, I MEAN...
I FORGOT WHAT IT WAS LIKE
BEING A LIFEGUARD.
-WAS?
YOU MAKE IT SOUND LIKE
YOU'RE NOT COMING BACK.
-HAVEN'T YOU HEARD?
I'M NOT COMING BACK.
ANYWAY, GREAT SEEING YOU, MAN.
I'M GOING TO GO CHECK ON HOBIE.
-MITCH, I'M NOT GOING TO LET
YOU DO THIS TO YOURSELF.
-DO WHAT?
-GIVE UP.
YOU TOLD ME IN ROOKIE SCHOOL
THAT I WAS A QUITTER. I WAS.
BUT YOU TOLD ME TO FIGHT
FOR WHAT I BELIEVED IN.
-I'M FIGHTING!
I JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE HELL I'M FIGHTING FOR.
-[MEN SHOUTING]
-MITCH, I'LL BE RIGHT BACK,
OKAY?
-[GRUNTING]
-HEY!
-WATCH IT.
-WOMAN: HEY!
-MAN: BREAK IT UP NOW.
-YEAH, COME ON, HIT HIM!
HEY, STOP!
I SAID STOP!
-WAIT A MINUTE.
TAKE IT EASY.
-I TOLD YOU TO STOP THIS.
-[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
-[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
-GET UP! COME ON, MOVE.
THOSE TWO GUYS RIGHT THERE!
-I GOT 'EM.
-HOLD IT!
-WOMAN: HELP!
HELP! SAVE ME! PLEASE!
SOMEBODY HELP ME!
PLEASE, HELP!
HELP ME, SOMEBODY!
PLEASE, HELP ME!
-MATT!
-OFFICER: EASY, NOW.
-MATT! THERE'S A GIRL IN TROUBLE
AT THE END OF THE JETTY!
-MAN: HEY, CHECK IT OUT.
-WOMAN: HELP!
HELP ME, PLEASE!
HELP! AH!
HELP! HELP!
HELP, PLEASE!
[COUGHING]
OH, MY FOOT!
-BOY: NICE THROW.
-BOY, THE BEACH IS THE GREATEST.
I JUST LOVE IT HERE.
-YOU'D LOVE THE WATER, TOO.
I COULD HELP YOU LEARN
HOW TO SWIM.
-MY BROTHER TRIED
TO TEACH ME ONCE.
I JUST COULDN'T DO IT.
I WAS JUST TOO SCARED.
-WELL, YOU KNOW, I WOULDN'T WANT
YOU TO BE SCARED, EXCEPT...
BY A DAREDEVIL SPEED-SKATER!
AH! [LAUGHS]
WOO-HOO!
-[JASON IMITATING ENGINE
REVVING]
KEEP GOING!
-HEY, THIS IS FUN, MAN!
LET'S GO!
-FASTER, FASTER, FASTER, FASTER!
-TURN RIGHT!
-TURN RIGHT, TURN RIGHT.
-HOBIE: I'M A DAREDEVIL
SPEED-SKATER!
-[JASON LAUGHS]
-[JASON, HOBIE SHOUTING]
-HOBIE: AND WE'RE GOING!
-JASON: FASTER.
FASTER, FASTER!
-[SCREAMS]
-BOTH: WHOA!
-YOU OKAY, JASON?
-YEAH.
THAT GUY MUST HAVE BEEN CRAZY.
-OR DRUNK.
WE GOT TO GET BACK.
-HEY, HOBE. ANYTIME TODAY WILL
BE FINE FOR YOU TO HELP ME UP.
-SORRY.
HEY, JASON, LISTEN.
YOU GOT TO PROMISE NOT
TO TELL MY DAD A WORD OF THIS.
HE'LL NEVER LET US COME
TO THE BEACH AGAIN.
-OKAY, I PROMISE.
-KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN, HUH?
-HELLO, MR. MACERI.
-WELL, LET'S WALK.
HOW LONG HAVE I KNOWN YOU,
FRANKIE?
SINCE YOU WERE IN HIGH SCHOOL?
-NO, COLLEGE. FRESHMAN YEAR.
-I PICKED YOU MYSELF,
OUT OF THE GUTTER. YOU REMEMBER?
-I'LL GET RID OF THE KID,
DON'T WORRY.
-BUT I AM WORRIED.
HERE WE ARE JUST A WEEK AWAY
FROM THE TRIAL
THAT COULD PUT OUR CHICAGO
OPERATION OUT OF BUSINESS,
AND YOU BUNGLE A SIMPLE ATTEMPT
TO GET RID OF A KID
IN A WHEELCHAIR.
-IT'S TOUGH TO GET HIM ALONE.
HE'S ALWAYS HANGING OUT
WITH THIS CRIPPLED LIFEGUARD.
-WELL, IF THIS LIFEGUARD
BECOMES A PROBLEM,
YOU GET RID OF HIM, TOO.
I OWN YOU, FRANKIE.
I MADE YOU WHAT YOU ARE
AND I PUT YOU WHERE YOU ARE.
BUT IF THIS KID LIVES
TO TESTIFY,
I PUT YOU IN THE GROUND.
GOT IT?